apple
banana
banana
banana
banana
banana
banana
banana
banana
banana
apple
apple
orange
orange: nivel de desastre detectado: bajo
orange: nivel de desastre detectado: bajo
orange: nivel de desastre detectado: bajo
orange: nivel de desastre detectado: bajo
orange: nivel de desastre detectado: bajo
apple: nivel de desastre detectado: alto
apple: nivel de desastre detectado: alto
apple: nivel de desastre detectado: alto
apple: nivel de desastre detectado: alto
apple: nivel de desastre detectado: alto
banana: nivel de desastre detectado: medio
banana: nivel de desastre detectado: medio
orange: nivel de desastre detectado: bajo
apple: nivel de desastre detectado: alto
apple: nivel de desastre detectado: alto
apple: nivel de desastre detectado: alto
apple: nivel de desastre detectado: alto
apple: nivel de desastre detectado: alto
banana: nivel de desastre detectado: medio
banana: nivel de desastre detectado: medio
banana: nivel de desastre detectado: medio
banana: nivel de desastre detectado: medio
banana: nivel de desastre detectado: medio
banana: nivel de desastre detectado: medio
apple: nivel de desastre detectado: alto
orange: nivel de desastre detectado: bajo
apple: nivel de desastre detectado: alto
apple: nivel de desastre detectado: alto
apple: nivel de desastre detectado: alto
apple: nivel de desastre detectado: alto
apple: nivel de desastre detectado: alto
banana: nivel de desastre detectado: medio
banana: nivel de desastre detectado: medio
